Didn't you eat this dish that night?
What? This is the dish!
Eat more quickly! Eat more quickly!
Eat the semi-finished product I made! If you don’t have it cooked yet,
Eat people quickly! Eat more quickly!
Who! Guess or not? Guess who did it?
How did you become you?
What are you talking about selling?
Don't use your hands to eat me! Just work hard and I will do it,
I won’t do it! I won’t do it!
You have to give me the initiative!
How did it become yours when it was clearly my doing?
Who did it?
I did it! If you don’t believe it,
Don't use your prosthetic hand! Go call Jingkou!
Don’t you just want to judge those who are superior?
Don’t be afraid that the vice president can divorce you!
Use this method of undermining Sanlan to retain him!
You see, before we were always in our hearts
As long as I find my heart
Why are you making such a fuss now?
Am I someone who is making fun of my life?
Ingredients for this dish
Vice President, are you okay?
This is not the function I am explaining to you now.
Of course I cooked this dish
He didn't make those up
This is probably a comatose white cat
Vice President Mu Hua
Go ahead and try your best to live your life longer.
I didn't do this. I won't leave.
I estimated it